---
layout: post
title: Some thinking of job, society and life.
date: 2005-11-13 03:26
author: jiangdi2000
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
<div id="msgcns!C840C88DA912213B!461" class="bvMsg"><div>As I have mentioned in my previous blog, my job is a quite tough one. Yet, I suprisingly found that I am pretty in favor of such a job, a technical job. <br />Many has told me that engineers, to be precise, technical guys won't have a &quot;bright&quot; future. I used to have this thought also. But, when it comes to life itself, the question is not whether I will hava a bright future or not. The question that really matters is that whether I can appreciate my life and enjoy realizing my dream while making living as well. <br />I have mistaken myself for a non-tech boy, who will some day do something else other than an engineer or scientist. However, the real life is, that I can afford three hours reading pure english papers, but not even one minute talking with some one that I totally have no interest of. See? What if I am a marketing or sales guy or an CEO? I will be fired in no time because I don't talk what my customers talk!<br />I don't mean to offend any one. But I do believe people have different classes. Sometimes one class can not understand the other. And unfortunately I belong to the minority class. Why didn't I find this earlier? Because back in school I was always living with peers that seems like me. We share the same educational and social background. After I entered this society, I found different livings. Many of these livings I can not even communicate.<br />I found myself a freaky guy. Sometimes I am so social that I can talk to a beggar and sometimes I can't find anything to say to a friend. In other words, I am a motion-driven man. I do what I want to do, not what I am required to do. I guess I can be a good leader, a kind co-worker, and a terrible follower.<br />Combine all the factors above, I will draw a conclusion that I am suitable for a originator. To say the least, I should be a leader that dominates in my own field. I am not supposed to follow instructions. I can feel the impulse from inside me to break, to create and to initiate.<br />The other problem is, does this society welcome a &quot;technical&quot; guy of this kind? Will this career offer a promising and prominent social status for me? Pity that I don't find China has this tradition. We value a lot businessman, or money-making man. They are the guys welcomed. China is currently in a state that interest goes first. Before doing anything, people will ask: is it good for me? does it make money? How much will it cost? It is no wrong that we do goods for ourself. But aren't there much more precious morals and spirits that beyond economics? How about the pursue for truth? Why can't we just honor those who fight for their dreams?<br />Chinese people has always been practical. The pasion for truth had been exhausted long time ago. For thousands of years have we been spending our uncomparable wisdom not on <font color="#ff0000"><strong>WHY to LIVE</strong></font>, but merely how to live. We were once the most civilized human beings in the known universe. How about now? We are no longer the leader of the world. We are never so much as an follower. Isn't this a misery?<br />It is time we should think. It is even the time we should act. As for myself, if the society doesn't suit me, I have three choices: <font color="#ff0000"><strong>to change it, to be changed, or to escape</strong></font>. I shall listen to my soul to make the choice. Yes, I can hear my soul shouting aloud. It is roaring: <font color="#ff0000"><strong>let those brainless laugh, until the day they found themself conquered and then forsaken. Anyway, who cares what cows think?</strong></font><br />Yes, this is my choice. And I write it down here.</div></div>
