---
layout: post
title: 今天无意找到的一份文档，对我现在做的方向很有指导意义。
date: 2009-10-09 12:00
author: jiangdi2000
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
<div id="msgcns!C840C88DA912213B!1749" class="bvMsg"> 作为微流器件最有潜力的应用方向——小型DNA分析仪，其实最大的问题不在于单个生物/化学分析过程的实现，而是在于整个分析流程的整合。如果不能解决从样本准备到最终结果输出的“一条龙”服务，所谓LoC的小型化就并不存在扎实的市场基础。<div><br /></div><div>以下为转载自美国国立生物信息中心的一份关于是否在口蹄疫的检测中使用便携式PCR仪的文档：</div><div><p>Evaluation of a portable,
'real-time' PCR machine for FMD diagnosis.</p>

<p>Claims have been made during
the UK
foot-and-mouth disease (FMD)<br />
epidemic that the use of portable 'real-time' PCR instruments would have<br />
enabled on-farm rapid diagnosis, and thereby accelerated control procedures<br />
and reduced the amount of culling.<br />
The performance of a portable 'real-time' PCR instrument has been compared<br />
with a laboratory-based 'real-time reverse-transcriptase PCR system at the<br />
Institute for Animal Health, Pirbright.  Before the trial, the portable
PCR<br />
machine was calibrated by a representative from the supply company so that<br />
it performed optimally.  The reagents used in the assay were recommended
by<br />
the manufacturer of the instrument.<br /><br />
In tests which included identical DNA/cDNA aliquots and a range of clinical<br />
specimens from experimentally infected animals, the portable machine<br />
functioned faster than the laboratory-based system, but with some samples it<br />
was up to 100 times less sensitive and it failed to detect a series of weak<br />
positive samples.  The use of such an instrument for diagnosis during the<br />
FMD epidemic could have been disastrous.<br /><br />
In attempts to improve the performance of the portable instrument, the<br />
reagents normally employed in our laboratory-based system were used in the<br />
instrument instead of the reagents recommended by the manufacturer.  This 

</p>

<p>was found to raise the
diagnostic sensitivity of the portable machine to very<br />
close to that of the laboratory-based system.  While these results are<br />
encouraging, further tests are required to validate the instrument for<br />
specific diagnostic purposes.  When the investigations are completed the<br />
data will be submitted for publication.<br /><br />
It is important to point out that the nucleic acid in FMD virus is RNA and<br />
that, before a PCR can be performed, the nucleic acids must be extracted<br />
from the test sample so that the RNA can be converted into cDNA. 
Currently<br />
this is a time-consuming exercise and not well suited to the conditions<br />
likely to be encountered in the field.  Furthermore, multiple steps in the<br />
assay complicated the process, increase the risk of contamination and limit<br />
the number of samples that can be tested within a short period.  These<br />
requirements appear to have been overlooked by those who have promoted the<br />
use of portable 'real-time' PCR instruments.<br /><br />
Alex I. Donaldson, Anna Hearps, Soren Alexandersen, Institute for Animal<br />
Health, Pirbright laboratory, Woking, Surrey GU24  0NF<br />
ENDS

</p></div></div>
